in days of yore it would have been the
job of a crap man
or a war veteran to select the prettiest
girl in the village
the winner would have her pick of any
man that took our fancy
after an all-night festival of drinking
smoking and intense sexual intercourse
the lovers would watch the sunrise rise
up the next day
and reap poetry our furniture sharp
when the man has enough money saved in
his bank account and has borrowed the
correct clothing
he will invite his intended partner to
the restaurant
side of the pub
the starter will possibly include
something made with bread crumbs
the main will be either chicken or beef
and if the male wishes to impress he
might also include onion rings with his
order
if the man hasn't dropped the ball and
has played his cards correctly it will
soon be time for the couple to express
their emotions
through the tried and tested medium of
physical love
it is safe to assume that any physical
expression
will not be conducted in the public bar
of the pub
especially with parents or grandparents
or children
under five present many couples choose
more secure locations
such as a motor vehicle a motor home
a car park at a shopping center to enjoy
their first
intimate kisses and sex smooth
[Music]